---
layout: post
title: "From Salzburg to the Tower Bridge in London"
date: 2013-06-02 18:00
comments: true
categories: 
---
####Pictures to come. I'm going to figure out how to use Flickr since Facebook appears to be an unreliable source for permanent links.

We've been in three different countries in a 24 hour time period. Yesterday we took a day trip from Munich to Salzburg, and then flew to London this morning. It's been crazy, but in a good way.

The Munich weather really started to get to me. That and the seemingly unfriendly locals, lack of truly inspired things to see (maybe we just didn't know where to look?), but I wasn't a big fan of Munich. Salzburg was a breath of fresh air. As soon as we arrived, people were nicer (and still spoke English!). We bought this day pass that let us get into certain places without paying the separate entry fee. Since we didn't exactly know where to start, we decided taking a cable car high up into the mountains with an awesome view of the city and surrounding valley would be a good idea.

Turns out the visibility was about, oh, 0. The whole mountain summit area was in a cloud. Once we got up, we couldn't see a thing, and it was very cold. We got lucky at the very end of our short time up there and some of the cloud broke a bit so we could see some stuff (barely). We immediately headed to the Hellbrun Palace. The archbishop of that district of Austria built it as a day residence for hosting guests but had lots of practical jokes in the form of fountains built into parts of it. It was quite entertaining to see the various tricks that could be played on guests as they toured the grounds.

We tried to get our money's worth so we attempted to find Mozart's Residence or the Catacombs or the Stiegl Brauhaus (with museum). We wandered around for awhile without really finding anything, met some people on the bus, walked around some more, ran into one of the same people later on who apparently had been looking for the same thing! Her name was Nora and she joined us for the remainder of the afternoon as we looked for the Stiegl Brauhaus and finally found it. She even came with us through the museum portion and had her free beers with us. She was from San Francisco and was pretty cool. It was also nice to meet someone else from America with whom we could communicate normally. The Stiegl museum was pretty detailed and had you walk through the old portion of the brewery from the 1800s (the malt floors, kiln, etc). Their beer was also pretty good.

This beer tour lasted until 6:30, and our train back to Munich was at 9. We had a couple hours to try to find the castle and explore it. Hohensalzburg ended up being mostly closed up by the time we got there and we felt very rushed because of our time limit so we only explored the outside battlements for about 20 minutes. I should probably mention that it was raining *all* day in Salzburg, and my umbrella broke (completely. It had already broken the day before by not staying open, but in Salzburg part of the handle came out from the rest of it. Piece of junk.) We were pretty wet and realized we may miss the train back to Munich, so we hummed a little Mission Impossible to ourselves and ran to the nearest bus station. Which we couldn't find. So we took a taxi we found all the way back to the train station which got us there a few minutes early, thank goodness.

The next morning was time to leave for London, <!-- more -->which was supposed to have better weather. We gained an hour and arrived about 11:30. After walking around a bit trying to figure out where our hotel was, we finally got there and discovered we actually had a "serviced apartment" which means our "room" is actually 2 rooms, one of which has a mini kitchen and kitchen table off of it. This place is a mini apartment, and is pretty awesome. London itself has so many friendly people too! When we were walking around with our luggage, a random citizen who was running stopped to ask us if we needed help finding something.

After fighting the public transportation system (which is actually quite nice, but so complicated we weren't sure how to use it), we finally got to the Tower Bridge and explored that a bit. We decided to buy a 3 day "London Pass" that was kinda expensive but gets us into all the major tourist attractions and the Tower Bridge was one of the only things on that list still open by the time we were ready to do stuff (we ate a late lunch at an Indian place. Apparently the Indian food in London is amazing). After the Tower Bridge, we again fought the public transportation system to try to get over to Westminster Cathedral so I could get to Mass. Turns out 40 minutes wasn't enough since we got lost, and I was 15 minutes late to a 30 minute mass. I tried my hardest but still only got to half :/

London is actually a beautiful city with tons to do and lots of scenic routes interspersed with shopping and eating districts with nice people and great transportation. Maybe it's the nicer weather talking (which is completely ironic since I'm talking about London here), or the fact that I can read all the signs and understand all the people, but I'm really liking London. We went to some random pub we found that still happened to be open on a Sunday night and ran into a friendly guy from San Jose area who had also just gotten in to London that day.

I've really enjoyed London so far and am looking forward to what we'll be able to do in the next couple of days. Stay tuned.
